# Kirby Toolkit Changelog

## 0.9.4

- fixed a bug in v::string
- moved to less tiny version numbers

## 0.9.3.0

- fixed a bug in str::substr
- fixed a bug in str::short
- fixed a bug in str::unxml
- fixed str::contains it's now case insensitive. 

## 0.9.2.9

- added MIT license
- full documentation
- removed c::set_all and c::get_all
- removed c::get_array and c::set_array
- added content::type('json')
- repaired dir::size
- changed chmod definitions
- removed r::parse()
- removed s::expired()

## 0.9.2.8

fixed a bug in str::excerpt

## 0.9.2.7

fixed a bug in the split function and replaced the str::trim() function for each token in str::split() with the native trim(). 

## 0.9.2.6

a::sort can now handle method calls in objects.

## 0.9.2.5

made class and title in str::email variable.

## 0.9.2.4

fixed a::sort. multi column sort is no longer working but instead the a::sort function works properly on a single column. you can now use it like this: a::sort($array, 'mycolumn', 'desc', SORT_NUMERIC);

## 0.9.2.3

removed str::trim from the r::sanitize

## 0.9.2.2

added a few suggestions from mthie. more will follow soon

## 0.9.1

- removed the docs from the repository
- a new optimized a::shuffle() function, which preserves array keys while shuffling it. 
- removed the core class. moved error, status, msg functions to helper functions
- added a::getall($array,$keys)
- updated the browser sniffer
- declared all static functions
- new content::load() function
- put the missing db class back in
- added a new s::id() function
- added a new s::restart() function
- better str::split function

## Before 0.9

Sorry, but I can't really track the changes before 0.9 anymore. I will be more careful about this in the future :)

